Let him live in our house for the time being
See if it works.
Of course you can.
We have so many rooms
Let Rongrong girl stay first
Lin allows it.
Are you really living in the front?
Be careful, sister, get up
After going through so much today
Must be terrified
Your Highness, we are not going to check the account book
What are you doing here?
The accounts are divided into many parts
Looking for it one by one to find the Year of the Monkey and the Moon of the Horse
I plan to.
Hide them all
catch it all
how
You'll know in a while
Isn't that the First Prince's bodyguard?
What is he doing here?
He's here to give us ears
It's windy and rainy, so I can't go out.
Your Highness, what does this mean?
My eldest brother is still quite cautious
It's telling them not to come out.
How can you always hide?
Come out and bask in the sun